Space really is a big place.

As I look out the sole window of my vessel, that's what I think.

It's filled with all kinds of people, and all kinds of opportunities.

Maybe even someone like me can stumble across that special event that'll turn my life upside down.

But from my view at the porthole, you'd think there wasn't anything out there at all.
It's so empty I can see those stars burning and churning out light from millions of kilometres away, without anything obstructing the view.  

Looking at it like this, it seems peaceful.

[crashing sound effect] [screen shake]

Now... if only my little pocket of it could be so peaceful.

Egh.  
I didn't think they'd catch up so quickly. The Riders did start out as a racing club, so they'd be fairly fast as a matter of course, but this is extraordinary. They didn't even let me finish my profound ruminations. How am I getting out of this one?

And how did they get here so fast?

After some consideration, I come to the conclusion that there's only one way.  
They used the rift.      [<<< change this to a more reasoned deduction ; preferably showing off his knowledge/reasoning]

Huh. They really want my ass that bad?  
They didn't seem like the type to take that kind of risk.

Well, that makes the plan simple. There's nothing easier to abuse than these half-hearted newbie [name2.1]ers. 

[swap scene]
[show MC's back as he looks through some front window]


MC: This won't be fun, but it's nothing I haven't done before.

First things first. Exactly how much do they know? Despite their origins, they're a very methodical group. They have a lot of connections, so I'm not surprised one of them was savvy enough to drop them some basic rift knowledge. I assume they heard the same information from multiple sources. They wouldn't risk going out the wrong tail based on the word of one informant. Most likely they found a map somewhere and then got someone else to confirm it.

In any case, they're confident in their knowledge. But that means there's no way their knowledge runs deep. There's hardly anyone in the world who knows the intricacies of the rifts - not as well as I do, anyway. Even if they chanced upon some rumour here or there, they would never trust it enough to act on.

Frankly, it wouldn't be so hard to throw them off. There's plenty of escape routes around this area. Most aren't exactly safe, but the odds would still be in my favour.
Problem is, that would probably just focus their attention on me further. On top of everything else, Riders is a particularly prideful group. I'm certain took my little duplicity as a personal affront. I don't fancy having to keep evading them for the rest of time.

Ideally, I want them to think that they got me. Without them actually getting me.

One thing I noticed is that they tried to conceal the fact that they used the rift at all. A natural thing to do - it's a strong strategic advantage if your opponent doesn't know that you know.

However, I do know. Which is to say, I know they "know" that I don't know they know.
And I can use that to my advantage.

MC: Alright... so that's the plan.

For the moment, I keep my speed steady and nudge my course a few degrees to the right. I look to the clock: it's 16:87:27 IPT. In around two minutes I should come across what I like to call the [name3]. It's a pretty simply routed tunnel, so the Riders are almost certain to be aware of it.

In the meantime, my mind jumps back to the sequence of events that got me into this mess. [, this scene might be better inserted later, it's hard to say until i see it in the actual game]

[switch background to Corvus]

It was actually around this same time, nineteen days ago. I was hanging around Corvus, which I don't especially enjoy doing, but my accounts had been run low, and I doubted I could get a job fast enough at one of my more amiable haunts [ hopefully explain wahat happened to cause this apparently unusual state of affairs, sometime]. 

I was on the lookout for any of my usual contacts, but it seemed like they were all MIA for the moment. If I took of again at that point, I doubted I would even be able to make it anywhere else, so I had no choice but to hang around for awhile.

As day turned to night and the incandescent lights in the cove begain to dim, I finally spotted someone I might be able to pull some information from.

It wasn't someone I {i}liked{/i} pulling information from, though.

Dealing with Caph is a delicate process, and I've received less-than-perfect counsel from her in the past. I suspect none of those "mistakes" were actually mistakes.

But it seemed I had no other choice, and I can deal with imperfect information easily enough. It's not like the other covs are handing out 100% correct knowledge 100% of the time, either.

While I was stalling the moment I'd have to talk with her, I guess I ended up staring, because she called out to me first.

Caph: Yo, Sora! Fancy seeing you here. It's a rare day! How goes the pirating?

I let out a sigh and responded:

Sora: Not too bad. Hello, Caph.

Caph: Man, your face tells a different story! What's up? Finally wreck your ship with that shitty driving of yours? Haha!

Frankly, my driving is far from "shitty". Relative to Caph's, though, I guess that's about right.

Sora: My ship is whole, for the time being. The sinthe tank, however, is quite empty.

Caph: Aha! My Sora, running low on resources? He who's known as the most calculating self-employed treasurer in all the solar system? It's a rare day indeed.

Sora: Everyone has their out-of-character moments.

At some point I had garnered a reputation for being very exacting with my treasury. In reality, it's not hard to stay afloat as a pirate if you restrain your expenses to necessities. Since I have a crew of one, even those necessities are few.

Caph: It's pretty out of character just to see you around here in the year 73 N.E. Must be awful desperate!

Sora: Let's say it's not sunshine and roses for me, at the moment. It's good to see a friendly face.

The opening of a cannon barrel is a friendlier face than the one that was facing me right then, but I've learned it pays to speak diplomatically.

Caph: Hey, you're welcome here any time, you know! Look, let's head over to the [some bar ?] and talk a bit, shall we?

And so we did. It was a prolonged and ponderous conversation we had, the details of which are not worth recollecting.

In sum, I basically learned the following:

In two days' time, the Red Riders would be finishing their delivery of 2 tonnes of [??] to a mercenary group called the Blue Willow.

Willow's internal communications system has a vulnerability, of which no one is familiar except Caph, one of her closer confidants, and now me.

While the method of exploiting the vulnerability is not trivial, I should be able figure it within the two day span.

From this, I'd be able to extract their private sign key, which would enable me to effectively pose as them in IMM communications.

As for why she was willing to hand this over for free - we have a complicated relationship in place. Call it a bond of trust.

From this information, the basic plan emerged naturally. I would digitally invade the Willow's systems, use it to produce a token identifying me as them, and then pose as them and intercept the shipment. I can "pay" in the Willow's name, too. Of course, the Riders would soon find that the monetary deposit didn't hold.

But by that time, I would have already sold the stuff to someone else and been long gone. Ideally, they wouldn't even be able to figure out it was me who tricked them.

[switch background to ship]

Obviously, things didn't work out like that.

While I'm not worrying myself too much with the details of why that is, at the moment, I would assume the systems vulnerability I was informed about and used wasn't as unknown or as difficult to detect as I'd been led to believe.

It's not a very surprising revelation, but that doesn't make it less unpleasant.

I glance at the clock again - 16:89:12. I look through the port and recognize the location. [name3] is coming up just ahead. Although it's a fairly basic route, it actually takes a pretty complicated path. In short, you end up a few kilometres behind where you started. 

I suspect the Riders won't actually have the full confidence in themselves to follow me through, and will instead do a quick double back to catch me where the rift comes out. Their navigational equipment is certainly precise enough for that, and they can probably outpace the small delay suffered when taking a low-tier route like this.

And so the time for action is upon us. [name3] being a basic rift means I don't have to do any stupid tricks to enter, so I just nudge my course by a few more degrees. 

In another couple seconds, I enter the rift.

[change background to some spiral swirly esoteric bullshit visual representation of wormhole hyperspace w/e]

I suppose not many people know the feeling of going through a rift.

Because of that, people like to romanticize it. It gives the people who haven't experienced it something to wonder at, and it helps those who have experienced it feel special.

I wouldn't describe it as such a mystical experience, personally. In fact, I can tell you exactly what it feels like.

I feel a small amount of nausea and vertigo - this used to be much worse. I have a significant pulsating ache that covers most of my head - this part never gets better. And through the window, the stars of the sky are replaced by a kaleidoscope of myriad colors, swallowing each other as they roll around.

Sometimes you think you can see shapes in them. People swear they've seen passed parents, terrible monsters, lost loves, and the secrets to the universe in those inkblots.

Of course, it's nothing more than a naturally occuring Rorschach test.

[blank line]

A few seconds later, I come to the end of the route. Physically, this is the worst part. The headache, as if it resents being dismissed, sends one last painful impulse through my head, much worse than before. I grab onto a pillar for support as a wave of nausea passes through me, and it takes a moment to regain my bearings.

Through my primary window at the head of my ship, I see the Riders approaching rapidly. It seems I was right in thinking they'd trace my path through normal means.

"Strategy Alpha Blue, Phase 2: commence!"

—I say to no one in particular.

I do a quick 180 and immediately set course for the next rift.

It's pretty close by, so I should be able to get there without them catching up to me.

Within a few seconds, I reach it. The Riders have gained a little, but not within firing range.

And so, again into riftspace I go.

[show the thingy again]

...

[back to the ship]

Ow.

My head hurts.

But it's a small price to pay to be rid of the grip of those clingy fellows.

I check the rearview camera of my dashboard to confirm there's nothing behind me but the stars...

...and am confronted with the sight of Red Rider's flagship, emerging from that same distortion in space I exited a moment ago.

Well, shit. 

I guess I made one too many assumptions this time.

Maybe their information network is even more extensive than I thought. Maybe they're feeling frisky today.
Maybe they just hate me that much.

Whatevever the case may be, it won't be easy getting out of this scenario.

That last route I picked empties out to a particularly smooth region of space, so it's not like I can just try to pull the same trick again.

I look around me in space to try and find any objects of interst.

The nearest planet is a few million kilometres away, and the nearest space port is a few thousand. There's no chance I'd make it to either before being wiped off this plane of the universe.

Ahead and to my right, I see a thick asteroid field that I could probably reach in time. Unfortunately, I'm not a godly enough pilot to make that work, and I don't have enough of a death wish to do it anyway.

That leaves: the rift I just left behind. Only a few people know this anymore, but {i}any{/i} type of warp-tunnel actually goes both ways—not just those created by those fancy little gates.

That said, most of these naturally occurring rifts tend to have significantly more resistance going one way than the other. With some it's impossible for people to pass through the "uphill" way, at least if they want to come out the other wide in solid form.

However, this particular rift is not so. It does have a bias for the direction we just traveled by, but it's not too terrible.

With that in mind, all I have to do is figure out how I'm going to be able to double back without the Riders' ship blocking my way. As it stands, I don't think the'd let me just scurry past them.

I look back again at the asteroid field. While I don't have near enough skill to fly straight through it, I think I could handle one trick or two.

I set course for the asteroid field and send up a prayer to the god of ship handling.
Unfortunately, I don't know his name.
I didn't have much in the way of a parent to teach me that kind of thing.

I send an apology to go along with my plea, to the unnamed god of ship handling.

