Mechanic 
MC 

(Scene starts in the streets of the lower levels of the planet, it's dark, damp and street lights barely illuminate the ground, some of them are flickering)

MC: Great, my ship is wrecked, I'm stuck on the hive world and now I have tripled the pay roll.

As MC wanders about the slums of this planet he continues to mutter and complain to himself for awhile.

MC: ... I swear if they don't carry their weight I'm leaving their sorry ass on the first planet I get to, that's if I can even find someone who can repair my ship. I guess I should at least bother to ask around

(MC asks various people in the industrial ghetto where he can find someone who can fix obscure speciality ships and eventually hears of a place known by the locals as boiler fount)

(MC stands infront of boiler fount, it's a garage that's notability cleaner than it's surrondings, but still has signs of wear such as minor rust and a few small dents on the garage door, it also has an old school neon sign above the garage door)

MC: Huh, this place must be ancient, that sign has a quad hover transport but has wheels and are those a pair of eyes?... Is it smiling? The hell is a Qa Chao? 

(As MC inspects the neon sign a stout man covered in soot plops into view)

Mechanic: Why howdy, what brings you here to boiler fount?

MC: What do you think old timer? I need my ship needs repairs and word on the street is that you know your way around antiques.

Mechanic: Alright then, lemme have a look at her and maybe we can work something out. 

(Mechanic gets to see the ship, I guess it's either towed to the shop or something)

Mechanic: How in the hell did you get your hands on a beauty like this and what in (insert space religion name) have you dragged her through?!

MC: Stole if from some rich fellas collection out in (insert planet/region/space nevada). And I think you have a good idea what happened, It's not like I'm the first pirate to ask for repairs here

(The mechanic audibly sighs) 

Mechanic: Of course you're another pirate, it's never some honest upstanding citizen who wants their speciality ships fixed here, what a shame. 

MC: What's a goody two shoe law abiding citizen doing here working in the oh so villanious 3rd class industrial ghetto now fixing pirate ships?

Mechanic: I've done nothing wrong, my son sorta had a gambling issue and incurred a lot of debt and I couldn't just let the gangs have at him, so I drew a loan to save his hide, but the people I drew loans from came after me when I worked in the civil sectors and now I am forced to work with your kind. 

(You can keep this convo going if you want but I think this works well enough, also time skips)

(As the mechanic works away at the ship there's a knocking heard at the garage door) 

goon: We're here for our payments old man!

Mechanic: H-how'd they find me? 

goon: We ain't gonna hurt ya, just hand over the credits(shekels) and we'll be on our way 

Mechanic: Fuck off, you got the wrong guy

goon: Nah, I know it's you Dimitri! 

(Garage door bursts open) 

goon: Time to pay the hell up Dimitri! 

(insert gun fight, have fun writing this) 

(The shop is in ruins and your ship is barely operational) 

Mechanic: Well fuck. I can't work here anymore, though I'm sure I have enough to repair the shop, they know I'm here now. 

MC: Real sorry to hear that pal, you know anyone else who can patch up my cruiser?

Mechanic: Would it kill you to have even a smidgen of sympathy!?

MC: taking that as a no, that sucks.

Mechanic: yeah no shit sherlock. I was the only person who offered such services and now my shop is in ruins.

Mechanic: Hey, wait a second, I've got a suggestion.

MC: Will it fix my ship?

Mechanic: Yes.

MC: Shoot

Mechanic: I am willing to work as your ship's mechanic and earn my keep as a member of your crew. That is until I have enough to set up shop off the grid. 

MC: uggghh, I'll have you know I'm not found of company.

Mechanic: I'll have you know that your ship's engines combust the moment you try to leave orbit.

MC: Why should I trust you, you hate pirates.

Mechanic: Aye, I do, but you also saved my hide, so I suppose I am somewhat indebted to you.

MC: Fine, but the moment I find someone else who can fix my ship I'm tossing your wrinkly ass into the vacuum of space. 

Mechanic: By that time you'll be as grey as I am kiddo.

MC: Guess we will see.

